Previously on
"Below Deck Med"...
Out of all the crew,
there’s only one person
I don’t get along with,
and that happens to be you.
You’ve had a problem with
me from the beginning!
You stepped on and
started nit picking.
Stop putting your hand
in my face!
Let me finish.
If you’re going to do this, then
I’m going to do this, to you.
Wow, I want to trust her.
I think it’s the tequila.
I don’t understand
how that’s possible.
Mm-hmm.
Natalya’s being very stable
since the reset on the interior,
but she’s not above regression.
That’s really high up.
We don’t have time to
----ing sit around and wank.
I want to kick Max in the dick.
We’re not lazy on this boat.
No, we’re not lazy.
I know it’s irritating.
Well...
Maybe we could feed
the guy with compliments.
Really?
Max doesn’t like being told off.
Maybe we try
the opposite of that.
I don’t know.
Max, you’re doing ----ing great.
Thank you, Lara.
There we go.
Some positivity.
Luka, like, I do
want to kiss him.
I’m in an open relationship,
but my boyfriend
said I don’t want
to influence your night off.
Do what you need to do.
I would just hope that
it doesn’t hurt me.
I thought you were just in bed.
Who’s the bunch of people?
Oh, my God.
Pressuring me about Luka
and like, having a free-for-all
where you get to go to Thailand.
He can do what he wants,
but you can’t do what you want.
I don’t know about that.
Luka, come over here.
[kissing]
Nat, answer it.
No, don’t answer it.
No, it’s not going to be good.
-He’s calling me.
-Go for it.
No, it’s not going to be good.
Go for it.
It’s going to be funny.
No, it’s actually not funny.
This is my ----ing life.
Okay, I’ll leave.
I’m so confused
about what’s happening.
I can’t get laid.
Sweet dreams.
[bleep] me,
I want to go home.
It’s too far,
what I’ve already done.
We have to do this together.
You miss A.J., I miss Zachary.
Please don’t leave me.
Oh!
Interior, interior, Tumi.
Morning.
How are you doing?
Please can we make
sure cabins are done.
-Copy, on my way.
-I don’t care anymore.
If the boat burns down,
then I’m going with it.
That’s great.
Oops.
I’m an emotional wreck.
And I just don’t know
what is happening.
You know, if I’m being honest,
I’ve come to a realization
I don’t want an open
relationship.
I don’t know what I expected.
Not to be feeling like sh--.
I think we should have not
been with anyone else.
But the fact that he is, then I
guess I should be able to then.
But he’s told me
he’s not okay with it.
Now, this other persons
come along,
but in my heart,
I do love my boyfriend.
I feel like I have to push away.
Love is crap.
-Oi.
-You made this for me.
I’m going to keep it to a
bare minimum with you today.
I’m just going to say hi, bye.
I’m not even going
to talk to you.
Okay, thank you.
[Max vocalizing]
Just look better when you do it.
Morning.
Oh, that bed
looks amaze-balls.
Oh, yay, thanks.
So good.
How many bars has she got?
She needs one more bar.
Jack, Luka, and Tumi
meet me in the crew mess
for preference sheet meeting.
-Copy.
-Hi.
Are we ready for another one?
I think we are.
Amanda Britt owns
an event space
and party planning business
and is looking to
bring her party expertise
to the Ligurian Coast
with her closest girlfriends.
The second night,
she would like
a casino atmosphere
created on the yacht.
She loves espresso martinis,
margaritas.
She’s my kind of girl.
They’re all Florida girls.
-Get ready.
-I’m ready.
Favorite cuisines:
Thai, Mediterranean.
Does not eat any meats
aside from seafood.
Well, she can have
whatever she wants.
Okay, so listen up.
Since they’re all women
and they’re quite young,
maintain your...
Yeah, of course.
Because I’m sure they
will tease you.
You know that line.
Don’t cross it.
-All right.
-I’m excited.
Let’s have some fun tomorrow.
This is going to be a good one.
This is going to be--
Chaos!
I’m throwing this in.
You okay, honey?
How far are you?
I wiped the master.
So you’re pretty much done?
-Yeah.
-Cool.
I’m also, so...
-You feeling okay?
-Yeah.
-You okay?
-Yeah, why?
Yeah, no. I’m just asking.
Nothing bad.
You’re being sus.
I know you had
second stew experience
or your confidence on service.
I’m like...
-What’s...
-No energy.
Mentally.
A lot of exhaustion, you know?
Aw, [bleep] it.
I’m too drained. I don’t care.
Mentally, my mind is
completely in housekeeping,
but I’m happy
to take one for the team.
I’m a go with the flow type
of girl anyway,
so I’m like, all right,
just bring it on.
I just think it’s fair that you
also get to do service too.
-That’s true.
-Yeah.
Lara, do you want
to do those windows?
-On the sides?
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you just make a penis?
[laughing]
That’s a little heart.
Oh.
-So good.
-Oh, no.
I hate an all-girl group
because they do cute weird
sh-- that no one likes to do.
Kyle.
I’m not mentally and emotionally
equipped to be on service.
I’m going to housekeeping,
I’ll take over from Jess.
No, they’re going to be fun.
They’re just going to be busy.
Okay.
Kyle has more
experience in service,
and depending on how
crazy these guests are
and what their demands are,
I need Kyle’s energy,
this charter, so...
This is your charter.
What’s your dream job, Lara?
Captain Sandy’s position.
I’d love to be a cappy.
Tell people to [bleep] off.
And you?
I know there’s places like
baby manatees
need someone to hug them
because they’re very
loving creatures
and I think I’d be
good at that.
I did see that
there’s a job opening
where walruses need
love and affection.
I don’t care how much it pays.
I’ll hug walruses all day
and I’ll sell feet pics
to compensate.
-This is hilarious.
-Frenchy cleaned the mat.
He was sweating like a tit,
but he had a good vibe.
Oh, did you realize
if you laid down?
There you are,
you beautiful boy.
Oh, thank you.
If you’re ever put in
a management position,
I think you need your own Max.
If you laid down, how
comfortable is the teak?
That’s the biggest
learning curve
I think I’ve ever been thrown.
-You okay?
-I’m tired, bro.
Can you imagine just spending
10 minutes in Max’s head
just to figure out what
the [bleep] he’s thinking?
It’s literally probably a
cartoon going on in there.
Just random noises, ----ing
sh-- bouncing around.
I don’t know.
It’s really comfortable.
I like my bed more,
to be honest.
-We’re done here, so...
-Yeah.
-Hey, babe.
-Hi, honey.
-Hi, everyone.
-Hi.
I put stuff in the washing
machine and you aren’t around.
-Don’t hate me.
-It’s okay.
-Hi, girls.
-[phone rings]
Who’s calling you?
Her boyfriend.
Like, I can’t even tell you how
sh-- everything is right now.
-Is he pissed off?
-Yeah.
You were telling me
to get home?
Yeah.
Did you go home with anyone?
This is what you want.
If you said to me tomorrow,
I want to be the
only the rest of my life,
I would be only with you.
I am trying to get
myself in your mindset.
What do you want from me?
Do you want me on
a plane tomorrow
because I will
come home tomorrow.
I’m not doing anything.
You keep acting so mean, I don’t
get what you keep saying.
I’m telling you what happened
because you told me
to be honest with you.
That was it.
You’re acting like I’m about
to go and ----ing
move away with this person.
Like...
I don’t know what to do.
Talk to you later.
I’ll speak to you
in a few hours.
A.J.’s not being
nice to her.
It’s because of Luka.
Yeah, what the [bleep]?
Is that what you said?
-Christ!
-No!
[bleep]!
-It’s all girls.
-No way.
Yeah, they’re young.
Some are really pretty.
Whoa!
Why not?
Yeah!
What’s wrong with him?
Is he upset?
No, he’s fine.
I was just on the phone to him,
but the reception is crap.
Should we talk about
how Tumi and Jess
are going to
run service this charter?
Can I get a yes?
[laughing]
Okay.
I’m confused.
Are we really switching
positions this next charter?
Oh, no, I was just joking.
That’s up to Tumi.
Kyle is so shady.
He’s trying to put me in
the spot in front of Jess
so that he can
get out of service.
And it’s annoying.
Less than two hours ago, we
literally had a conversation
about him being on
service this charter.
I’m not mentally and
emotionally equipped
to be on service.
So ha ha ha, cute.
Try again next week.
You are the service queen.
I don’t know who gave me
that title, but it wasn’t me.
You gave yourself
the goddamn title.
No girl.
Coming up...
Maybe like a bit of downforce
on the tail when we...
Yes, exact...
Oh, sh--.
I’m ----ing sh---ing myself.
----ing Broke
Captain Sandy’s wrist.
How are we, my love?
We’re fine.
-I’m too bad.
-Okay.
What the...
Agh!
-What is that?
-I’m so confused.
Who made a ----ing sandwich?
I always get bologna
sandwich in the laundry.
-Where are you?
-Here.
[yawns]
This charter seems like it’s
going to be
such a ball breaker.
Yeah, you’re right.
Like, [bleep] that.
Kyle wanted you to go on
service.
-I know. I don’t...
-I didn’t get it.
He told me that.
And I was like, wait, what?
He doesn’t want
to be on service.
Obvious.
It’s very obvious.
Like, now I’m just like, okay,
it looks like I’m not
on service.
-Really?
-Yeah.
What the heck?
That’s so rude.
Should we talk about
how Tumi and Jess
are going to run
service this time?
-No!
-[laughing]
At first, I was confused,
but now Natalya makes me
feel like Tumi
doesn’t think that
I’m capable to be on service.
So I feel stupid right now.
It’s like, damn.
You could be chief stew.
I mean, don’t doubt yourself.
You’re ----ing amazing.
That’s weird, though.
Don’t belittle me.
Yeah.
Let’s go to bed.
Yeah, that’s a lot.
We’ll see how
this trip goes.
It just feels out of character
that Tumi is talking
sh-- about me.
So I’m just a little confused
as to what switched.
You’re going to go
to bed, honey?
I’m going to try.
I’m off duty, emotionally,
and work-wise.
I don’t blame you.
Love you.
-You too.
-Sleep tight.
[alarm beeps]
Morning, bro.
Thank you.
Just kick me. I don’t mind.
Ready to seize the goddamn day?
What’s up, mother----er?
Shrimpies give them
that wow factor.
Gonna wow them.
I’m making a table, navy,
and white for seafood.
I want to talk to
you about something.
What’s up?
Look at him go with a polish.
Yeah.
-Hey, French.
-Hey, you.
Hey, you.
African.
Yesterday, what was
that whole thing like,
you’re going to be on
service, and then she laughs.
Am I being belittled?
Am I crazy?
No. And I want you to
know you’re not alone.
I just think it’s fair.
Everyone gets a fair
chance with everything.
-Dude, I love housekeeping.
-Yeah.
You know?
I love wherever the [bleep]
I am, honestly.
But you want to do service, too.
-That’s true.
-Yeah.
Keep a smile on your face.
I’m here.
I have-- Holy [bleep]!
You walked right into it,
didn’t you?
All crew, all crew, all crew.
We got provisions
behind the boats.
-Copy.
-Grazi.
Where do you want
dry store goods?
Anywhere around here.
-Teamwork makes the dream work.
-Slippery.
Oh, look at those, mate.
These bad boys.
Chips.
-Bon giorno.
-You got it?
-Ooh, yum.
-Yes.
-Nice work.
Oh, wow.
How did this happen?
Hello.
How are you?
Great. How are you?
I can definitely see that this
is affecting Natalya
quite a lot.
In this situation, I’m just
going to respect her boundaries.
She says that this is
the love of her life.
I’m not going to get
in the way of that.
Drama.
What did the buffalo say to his
son when he went to college?
Bye, son.
Oh, my God.
I know.
Here’s more.
I don’t think Tumi realizes who
was running this show
before she got there.
It was me and Jess.
Jess is a good second stew.
I would be happy if I had a team
and one of the guys was like,
oh, can I please
go on a service?
Abso-----ing-lutely
you can.
Please.
I’m just bothered that I
can’t confront her really
because I’m trying
to keep the peace.
Jessika, how’s it going,
sugar lumps?
-Eh.
-Thank you, my darling.
This has to be pointed this way.
Okay.
What about putting it in there?
-Hey, honey.
-Shut up.
Excuse me?
I wasn’t talking to you.
This looks beautiful.
-That’s it.
-We’re done?
-Yeah.
-Yes, we’re done.
I’m gonna see how today goes.
Perfect.
Okay, we gotta get changed.
All crew, all crew.
To the dock now
for guest arrival.
All crew, all crew,
you guys suck.
I really need a wee, but I
guess I’ll just hold that in.
Get a bladder infection.
Okay, let’s go to the dock.
Jeesh.
Oh, my God.
-Hey, guys.
-This is fun.
I love this.
-Hi.
The sun came out for you.
So nice to meet you, Amanda.
-Hi, Delaney.
-Hello, my name is Max.
-Nice to meet you.
-I’m Jack. Nice to meet you.
-I’m Leni.
-So happy to have you.
I can’t cross the line.
So, Tumi’s our Chief Stew.
She’s gonna show you around.
-Welcome aboard.
-Thank you.
Whoa.
All right, we’ll get that
luggage on and then get changed.
So we have tequila shots
and we got champagne.
-Thank you so much.
-Woo!
These girls are gonna have
a lug-gage.
Woo!
We’ll just wait till they
get off the aft deck.
Let’s stop.
This is your main deck salon.
This is where
the Casino Night will happen.
Yes!
-I think I’m going to propose.
-Whoa.
This is the master.
[shouting]
-Are you kidding?
-Dope!
This is for royalty.
Let me take you up.
So many stairs.
I mean, I’m literally working
out.
There we go.
Do you guys want
more champagne?
Always.
Can I get an Aperol spritz,
but can you
splash some gin in there?
-Sure.
-Thank you.
Luka, can you please
help me with this thing?
Now you want my help.
Okay.
Tumi, like,
[laughs]
Even though I’m trying
to keep my distance from Luka,
he’s still the person that
I confide in
at the end of the day.
The only difference is, I might
have to put on a chastity belt.
Sassy.
Deck crew, deck crew.
Prepare for departure.
Copy.
Is there a bathroom
on this floor, too?
There is.
So just behind this door,
there’s a little door in there.
-Okay.
-There should be a bathroom.
Deck crew, deck crew.
Lara and Haleigh on the stern.
I’ll get them off the thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do you want anything
steamed for tonight?
-Yes.
-Okay.
We’ll pull it.
And then it’s Max up forward.
[latch rattles]
I’m so ready for beer pong,
to be honest.
[cheering]
-Like...
-Oh my God.
You guys, I just got locked
in the bathroom
and I couldn’t open the door.
[laughing]
I was about to start
----ing screaming.
Okay, perfect.
Oh, okay.
-Good afternoon.
Sandy, that’s the pilot
on the way up to you.
You can release the stern.
Copy, we’re releasing
our stern lines.
Hi. How are you?
Thank you.
That is all stern lines in.
Drop all ground lines.
You got two meters
on your starboard bow.
Thanks, we’re just waiting
for the ground lines.
Pull.
[grunts]
Yeah, pull.
I’m just waiting for
the ground lines.
Bro!
It’s this one.
Coming up...
What?
Did we hit the refresh button?
What’s taking you so
long on the ground lines?
Here, help me pull on this.
You got a meter on
your starboard side now.
What is happening here?
I’m just waiting
for the ground lines.
Copy that.
We’re on the fenders now.
Okay, okay.
Okay, ground lines are off.
[bleep], why is it like that?
Don’t know bro.
We got two meters on
starboard side
and two meters on port side.
We had too much line out.
Yeah, that was not good.
I pulled the ground line
when we arrived
from the last charter.
...to take off all the ground
lines in a few seconds.
-Are we okay?
-All, good, all, good.
You’re all clear of
the ground lines.
You’re free to swing now.
----ing ground lines.
-Guys!
-Like, where are you going?
Put your bag down
and stay a while.
I want to see the galley.
Can we go see it?
Yeah, you want to see it?
I need to see if
he needs a sous.
-Hello, ladies.
-Hello!
Oh, it looks so fun.
We just wanted to see down here.
This is where
the magic happens.
I’m going to be good this
charter, I promise.
Cheffy, don’t blush.
-I don’t blush.
-I think Cheffy’s blushing.
I’m all set.
Thank you, Luka.
Thank you.
I’m going to make
a pitcher of spicy marg.
Is that going to be fine?
-Absolutely.
-Obviously.
Okay, perf.
You can start
taking those fenders.
Dude, this is
----ing insane.
-Oh, God.
-Oh, it looks so good.
That’s the pilot boat
approaching on starboard side.
Great, thank you.
It’s part of preparation.
Like, you were up here,
you could have brought the line
in, you know what I mean?
It’s okay.
We learn.
Max, I still need to tell him,
hey, this is not going to work,
but do it in a way where
he still respects me.
He’s like a little child
that fell into my lap,
and I think we’re going
to be fine, little boy.
We’re going to be okay,
little Max.
[laughing]
Max is so hot.
I like him.
Max is hot as [bleep].
Where is he?
Go get him.
-Where is he?
-Shall we get him?
Let me call him.
Let me talk to him.
Max, Max, Leni.
We need you at the ----ing bar.
Yes, for me.
I’m coming.
Look at that.
You’ve done this
before, haven’t you?
Mm-hmm.
Perfect, man.
Ladies...
Max!
Ooh!
-Hey!
-I love Max.
-Are you Italian?
-No, I’m French.
Oh, French.
They’re like, oh, my God!
So we will see you in the
jet ski and get together.
-Yeah!
-Okay?
Do you guys want
to get seated for lunch?
It is ready.
Cheffy, Cheffy. They’re starting
to seat for lunch.
Primary, where do
you want to sit?
The prime seat.
What’s going on, guys?
We’re going on breaks.
Can I get a hug?
I’m just kidding.
I don’t get breaks.
Are you and Jess
going to date now?
-Yeah.
-No.
Why not?
----ing rejected.
Ow!
Embarrassing.
The guests are pretty cute, eh?
Can’t wait to see
them in their bikinis.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
All crew, all crew.
ETA 15 minutes.
Now, that is a ----ing
seafood platter, bro.
Can you carry that
one separately?
-Yeah.
-On your forearms.
Oh, my God!
-Oh my God!
-Cute little chef.
[shouting]
-Are you kidding?
-Oh my God.
The great thing about a seafood
tower is it looks unbelievable.
Got the towers,
got all the different shellfish
and you’re by the sea,
but it’s actually
super easy to make.
We’re doing it with our fingers.
We’re all friends.
-Gorgeous.
-So good.
And I really want
to impress them.
Because when you go up
to the table
and you’re giving the food
to these stunning girls,
and they’re all giving
you this attention...
I’m not Harry Potter anymore.
I feel like I became
James Bond on this charter.
Oh, my God.
Give me another oyster.
Copy that.
Anchor is at the waterline.
We’re gonna go three
in the water.
Copy that.
-Lara?
-Yeah, go.
That is three shackles.
Long stay, one o’clock.
Lock it down.
We’re all set. Thank you.
-Mr. Pearls, what’s up?
-How’s it going?
We’d love jet ski, tube slide.
We’re going to get
everything in.
It’ll probably take us,
like, 20 minutes, 30 minutes.
Thanks, no rush.
-All good.
-Thank you.
See you soon.
He’s so hot.
Luka’s hot.
Dude.
Maybe I’ll make out with him.
I don’t blame you.
I hate that he’s here
because I’m like,
[bleep] I have a boyfriend.
If he was taller, we would be
talking about my breakup now.
We’d be talking
about gay for pay.
I’m kidding.
But this is the longest time
I’ve been away from Zachary
and it’s really taken
a toll on me.
It’s been a reminder of
how grateful we should be
for what we have.
Interior, interior,
just to let you know,
we’re launching the tenders,
so the boat’s going to
list over a little bit.
Pull me in, please?
Ladies.
[cheering]
-It was so good!
-Was it?
10 out of 10.
I think tonight
it’s tasting menu.
I’ve worked all over the world.
So, each course is going
to be like a different country,
-I think.
-Oh!
I love it!
Well done, Cheffy.
I hate how it’s, like,
off, you know?
You’re telling me, babe,
I thought we were all
on the new page.
-Yeah, me too.
-Last trip we were fine.
Yeah, maybe it’s me.
No, no, it’s not you.
The last trip we were fine.
Yeah, but I wasn’t here
the last trip,
that’s what I’m saying.
Maybe it’s me.
It’s not.
Growing up with my stepdad,
anytime I would have an
attitude or an opinion,
he would shut me down.
And because of that,
I realized I caused
more hurt to the family
if I had my own opinion.
Standing up for myself has been
something I’ve had to learn
as an adult
and I’m still learning.
Jess, Jess, Tumi, could you meet
me by the bar, please?
Copy.
Yeah, good luck.
I’ve got to have a look now
again, because I can’t remember.
Honey, I’m gay.
There’s nothing up there for me.
-To the bathing suit?
-Shall we?
-Lara?
-Yeah?
Can I go in the water, please?
Yeah, yeah.
Coming down.
That was good.
Do you want me to ask one of
the deckhands to give you CPR?
If he’s a hot one.
-That one’s Luka.
-I like all of them.
Oh, bro.
Yeah, they’re going to
start coming down now.
[shouting]
It’s better with one.
Oh, I love the suit.
This is adorbs.
Your tits look amazing.
Ah!
[chattering]
-How was the slide?
-Oh, my God, it was good.
-It’s salty, though.
-So salty.
Is it slippery enough?
Yeah.
Why, you want to
go down with us?
No, I want to make it better
with some soap.
I just swallowed a
gallon of salt water.
Oh, no!
Are you good?
I think I broke my ass.
Did you jump from the top?
Broken!
-Look at this weather.
-It’s amazing.
It’s so perfect!
-I’m back.
-Hi!
Literally...
I’m obsessed with these
----ing sticks.
I don’t even know how I’m going
to use them,
but I love them so much.
Can I clear the air
with you on something?
Yeah.
When Kyle mentioned putting
me on service again.
-Yeah.
-And you laughed.
Yeah.
I wasn’t sure if that
was at, like, me.
It is bothering me
when Kyle mentioned
putting me on service
and you laughed.
I wasn’t sure if that was at me.
Like, I’m not capable
to be on service.
Oh, no.
You definitely are
interpreting that wrong.
It’s because he’s running
away from being on service.
That had nothing to
do with your capability.
Okay.
I was like, I swear we
were just out drinking
and she literally said
I was good at it.
Yeah, I was laughing at Kyle.
I’m like, Kyle, stop now.
The way he says it kind of
makes it seem like I’m green.
You’re not green.
He’s been coming at me like,
oh, she’s going to be
on service all the time.
I’m like, mate, you’re not
running away
from sh--, service queen.
No, no, no.
Why would she say that?
I mean, come on.
That literally had nothing
to do with you.
Yeah, okay.
I respect Jess for asking me
why I said something.
But Natalya, what the
[bleep] were you doing?
It seemed like we had peace.
And now we’re stirring the pot.
Not again.
Like, it’s ----ing
mind-boggling.
Literally had nothing
to do with you.
-Good to know.
-Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Woo!
You’re already halfway.
Yes, sis.
[bleep] me.
We’ll eat you alive.
Cheffy, what’s your
deal for dinner?
I’m trying to think of
a theme in my head.
This is Vietnamese,
there’s Thailand,
there’s Italian,
and there’s England.
Okay, cool.
They’ve asked for
a tasting menu.
I’m going to give everything
what the ----ing kitchen sink.
This is what I can do well.
Even if it’s going to make
my job harder for meself.
When you look like that,
you can have whatever you want.
Two green Peronis.
Thank you.
-That’s one.
-Are we done?
Showing enthusiasm.
You crack me up.
Love you, guys.
So, we’re going to bring
everything in.
If we can leave the docks out,
then we’ll be ready to go.
Have you pulled deco?
No, you can pull deco.
Coming up.
So, there’s these star lights
here that light up.
A little tacky, but I think
you’ll make them work.
Sh--.
Max has got power right now.
Love it.
-Showing enthusiasm.
-The sun is shining.
Need some gold rocks.
I’m going to go and
deal with upstairs.
-Max...
-You’re doing amazing.
You should have done this
slide by yourself.
I love the energy.
[bleep].
Okay, dinner.
Let’s get ready.
We’ll be ready at 8:30.
And that is finished.
All right, you guys
go grab some food.
Yeah, man.
-Cheffy.
-Yo. Try this broth.
-Is it good?
-It’s insane.
Taste that.
Oh, oh, oh.
Here comes the airplane.
Mmm.
Wee!
Ow, ----ing balls.
Oh, my God, what an evening.
Should we sit in the same seats
that we sat for lunch?
Yeah.
Chef, the guests are seated
at the table.
Copy.
-You can start going, mate.
-Got your, hon.
Cheers to the queers, ladies.
[laughing]
So your first course,
rice paper spring roll
with nuoc cham sauce.
Oh, wow.
Vietnamese food
is my favorite.
Natalya and Jess,
how are the cabins going?
Probably another, like,
15 minutes in housekeeping.
Amazing.
Thank you.
Your second course for
tonight is a tom kha broth.
-Ooh!
-Enjoy!
Oh, my God, that is so good.
Mm.
She was nice, then, wasn’t she?
Who was nice?
Why are you confused?
I mean, that’s a conversation
you have to have with her.
I’m hesitant about
going to Natalya
about the conversation
with Tumi.
I don’t want to talk to
her about it at all.
Seems like Natalya has her
own agenda going on
in her brain.
I don’t want drama.
It can’t happen again.
It’s ----ing up my
----ing enniagram.
Like, I’m a peacemaker.
Kyle.
What would I do without you?
You too.
He was at
Coachella this year.
It was the best
show I’ve ever seen.
Have you flown him?
No, but I know like a hundred
girls who’ve hooked up with him.
I love him, but no.
It’s going to be Lara and I’ll
just give you alarms and stuff.
-Thank you.
-See you tomorrow.
Chef, chef,
we’ve started to clear.
Copy.
Natalya, Natalya.
You can go to bed now.
Copy that.
Everything stacked on.
Oh, my God.
This looks amazing.
This is your classic Vongole.
This is ----ing good.
Mm-hmm.
Cheffy, is that
like a meringue?
-It’s a British classic.
-A Eton mess.
Yeah, Eton mess.
Strawberry, cream,
meringue, love.
positive vibes only.
Like, I hate sh-- like that.
I still feel close to Natalya
because of the bond
from the first charter,
but I’m not even
seeing Natalya anymore.
When I’m the adult,
you know you’ve hit rock bottom.
So you have a Eton mess.
Another round of shots?
-Yeah.
Kamikaze.
Isn’t there like a
lot of alcohol in them?
Oh yeah, I just tasted it
and nearly died.
I’m sober.
There is no alcohol
in these drinks.
I think they took it out.
[cheering]
How is dessert?
Everything was perfect.
So good.
Cheffy, Cheffy, we just cleared
dessert and they loved it.
-Are we ready?
-Tumi!
We want you to walk us up.
-I’m going to bed.
-Okay, bye honey.
Bye baby.
-Okay, we’re going up with you.
-Let’s go.
[phone ringing]
Hi.
I’m just in my bed.
Mm-hmm.
What are you doing?
How’s last night?
[laughing]
[chattering]
Oh my God, guys.
[bleep] no!
-Let’s go.
-Oh!
Why the [bleep] is Kyle?
How are you feeling, baby?
I need to go to bed, dude.
How are you girls feeling?
Kyle, where the [bleep]
have you been?
What a party.
The lady you’ve been
waiting for, him.
We haven’t seen you
in 10 minutes.
We’re literally going to die.
You don’t have to clean up.
We don’t care. Don’t vacuum.
That’s just stupid.
We don’t give a [bleep].
Ladies, it’s go the [bleep]
to sleep o’clock.
[laughing]
You’re so tiny!
This is exactly why I
wanted a bit of a break,
not to be on service.
All of these women
are exhausting as hell.
Thanks for the chat, girls.
Thank you for hanging
out with us.
I ----ing love Kyle more
than I love my parents.
[laughing]
Wait, Carly’s asleep there.
-Let’s go to bed.
-Car!
-I’m going to go to bed.
Oh, [bleep]!
[beeping]
Good night.
Ugh.
There we go, queen.
I’m going to use this.
That’s just ----ed up.
Oh, God.
Captain, Captain,
what’s your location?
The bridge.
It’s not a positive
conversation.
Aww.
Come on, sit down.
What’s wrong?
I just don’t think mentally
I’m doing well on the boat.
Why?
The boyfriend?
I’m just not coping with it.
My brain’s like...
Well,
I’m so sorry.
Yeah.
How much longer
is there at this state?
How many?
How many charters?
-We have five more.
-Five more.
I love having you on board.
I don’t want you to leave.
I don’t know.
Well, you’re safe.
You’re okay.
You have me.
You have Kyle.
People care about you, Natalya.
This will pass.
This feeling will pass.
One day at a time.
I was so positive.
And now I’m just like...
It’s okay not to be.
You don’t have to be.
Sometimes you need those days.
So have the day.
Have the day to feel sad
and make a decision for you.
What’s best for you?
Just focus on laundry for the
day. My little happy spot.
-You will get through this.
-Yeah. I’ve got to go.
Yeah.
See, you’re smiling now.
Stand up.
Give me a hug.
-Morning.
-Good morning.
Good morning.
Can I get a iced black coffee?
-Max.
-Hello.
What up?
We missed you terribly
last night.
Is that what she said?
Yeah, well, I was eavesdropping.
At this stage, I’ve got a closer
relationship with Natalya
than any other interior.
So if someone said
that about me,
I would 100% want
my friend to tell me.
It’s just good intentions
coming from this little brain.
What’s her issue?
Like, I’ve done my job
every ----ing day.
Listen, she doesn’t like
you from the beginning
-and she’s like, that’s it.
-She just hasn’t.
Like, for Christ’s sake,
I thought we had moved past this
because we did hit the refresh.
I’m not biting
my tongue anymore.
I’m done with Tumi.
[bleep] off, like, my
problems is not her.
Max?
Just chuck them.
No.
Okay.
Lara, Lara,
can you go to the swim platform
and jump in the water
to get this kayak?
Yeah.
-That works.
-That’s good.
-Christ.
-Run away kayak!
Take the paddle!
This is how we launch kayaks.
-Ready?
-One more.
Maybe like a bit of downforce
on the tail when we--
Yes, exactly.
-Oh, sh--, you okay?
-Exactly.
You all right?
Ready?
Downforce.
Oh, good.
Thank you.
I think I broke my wrist.
All I’m thinking is get to my
cabin,
assess my wrist,
move it around,
and make sure I’m okay.
Nikola, Nikola, Sandy.
Can you come to the bridge?
Jess, Jess,
what’s your location?
Stew pantry.
Yeah, it hurts.
Thank you.
What’s going on up here?
So, at 12, you can go.
-All right.
-All righty.
What?
Natalya, I will never want
someone that’s struggling
at home to
stay on a boat ever, ever.
Did we hit the refresh button?
I’m just saying, like...
A refresh button
does not mean
I have to be friends with you.
If you had, if you honestly
are struggling,
I would want you to come to me.
You’re more than welcome to.
Her feelings are
completely valid.
It’s her tone that
----ing aggravates me.
You know what’s crazy is
I actually expected this.
Maybe you understand
that some of your comments
are actually upsetting people.
That’s fine.
But it doesn’t come
from that place.
So if you can’t accept it,
then I can’t help you on that.
I don’t like being spoken to
like I’m being spoken down to.
Because I’ve had
that my whole life.
And I really can’t.
It lights up the fire
inside of me.
I’m just like, just stop.
-Okay, bye.
-Bye, Natalya.
Bye.
We’re going to chat
all together.
No, we’re not.
Because I don’t want anything
to do with this girl.
Here we go.
Something was going
on downstairs.
-Yeah.
-What do you mean?
Shut up.
Down for cleaning.
When we were launching these,
Sandy fell backwards,
worried she might have
hurt her wrist.
So I hope she’s okay.
If Jess has an issue,
like yesterday,
Jess came to me and
she was like, look.
-Good, did she?
-This is how it is.
Good.
Because I told her too.
That is maturity.
Kyle makes her feel
like a green stew.
The way he says it kind of makes
it seem like I’m green.
You’re not green.
So she’s trying to
turn two tables here.
I’ve done everything
for this girl
and she just swept the floor
with me.
To Tumi, my chief stew.
How dare you?
I’ve had a broken wrist before,
so I just want to
get it checked out.
Yeah.
Nikola’s in charge
while I’m gone.
We got this.
Okay, thank you.
All right.
Like I’m ----ing
sh---ing myself.
I was 50% to blame.
Imagine if I ----ing broke
Captain Sandy’s wrist.
Oh my gosh.
[bleep]
Hi, Jessie.
Why are you telling that
I’m making
you feel like a green stew?
-Did I tell Tumi that?
-You did tell Tumi that.
I mean, sometimes it does
feel like you are.
I don’t even want to apologize
because you know what it sucks?
I was there for you.
And the fact that you said I
made you feel like a green stew,
that sh-- sucks, dude.
I was the only one promoting
you to be in service.
And I told Natalya...
What do you mean it
is triggering?
Why would you go Tumi
behind my back
and tell her that I make
you feel like a green stew?
But not in a bad way.
It’s like, oh, he makes me
feel like a green stew.
Kyle makes me feel great.
Kyle wants me on service.
Kyle’s there to listen to me
when I have a problem.
I’ve been the common
denominators between all of you,
uniting a team.
Good luck.
What happened to her hand?
Just fell backwards
as launching... these kayaks.
I hope she’s all right.
Yeah.
And for you to like literally
throw me under the bus
like that,
that’s really hurtful.
That’s not throwing you under
the bus, so you’re not...
Do you hear the words?
Like you speak English,
I’ll speak English.
What you said was, Kyle makes
me feel like a green stew,
which makes me feel
Kyle belittles me.
Why did I come to you and say
take up service
when I was emotionally upset
and didn’t come to Natalya?
Because I had faith in
----ing you.
Next time on
"Below Deck Mediterranean"...
Look at this.
What are you reading about?
How to have sex?
Yeah.
Oh my God, he’s highlighting.
Sit down, take a breath.
Can you have a shot?
I don’t think I’m allowed.
It is tempting.
Cheers.
He’s not allowed to do that.
Yeah, we’re not allowed.
I dare you.
Come here.
Don’t even try.
There’s a lot of
like chemistry right now.
Just breathe.
Jess...
All this stupid drama.
Everyone is at their
breaking point.
It could get worse from here.
I’m not your friend.
Don’t talk to me like that.
Focus on your own
----ed up life.
Kyle, I’ve never been spoke
to in my life,
and I can’t believe
actually you’re saying this.
I don’t care.
You’ve been a fake-ass bitch
talking sh--
behind my back
since day one.
Get away from me.
-Kyle, chill.
-Get away from me.
What the actual [bleep]
is wrong with him?
That was horrible.